feanil/add markdown support (#801)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/documentors/references/doc_style_guide.rst

Example:

    .. warning::

>      Vital information that should not be ignored. The user incurs risk if this information is not followed. Please, check this section of the `RST guide <https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/documentors/references/quick_reference.html>`_ to know how to include them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Vital information that should not be ignored. The user incurs risk if this information is not followed. Please, check this section of the :ref:`Documentation Syntax Reference` to know how to include them.
```

- If that information could be better written in a sentence.
- The information is important but not sufficiently complicated.

> For information on entering tables in RST, see the `RST guide <https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/documentors/references/quick_reference.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on entering tables in RST, see the :ref:`Documentation Syntax Reference`.
```

The first time you want to use an abbreviation, spell it out. For example:

> The `Open edX repository <https://github.com/openedx/docs.openedx.org/tree/main>`_ is using a documentation markup language called reStructuredText (RST) which is very similar to Markdown. The following guide is helpful to refer to as you produce RST documentation: `RST guide <https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/documentors/references/quick_reference.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Open edX repository <https://github.com/openedx/docs.openedx.org/tree/main>`_ is using a documentation markup language called reStructuredText (RST) which is very similar to Markdown. The following guide is helpful to refer to as you produce RST documentation: :ref:`Documentation Syntax Reference`
```
